README.md, before:

# About
This is a script that picks up and binds input from the EMS USB2 ps2 to usb adapter for Joypads/Dance mats. Originally made by [tb2097](https://github.com/tb2097), this is a continuation of the original work.
The script takes the usb input and hard-codes it to keyboard keys using the following scheme:
|                |Player 1                       |Player 2                       
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Start           |Enter            				 |\[   						   |
|Select          |Backspace         			 |\]       					   |
|Left            |Left Arrow					 |Numpad 4  				   |
|Up				 |Up Arrow						 |Numpad 8					   |
|Right			 |Right Arrow					 |Numpad 6	     			   |
|Down			 |Down Arrow					 |Numpad 2					   |
|UpLeft			 |A                              |Numpad 7					   |
|UpRight		 |B								 |Numpad 9					   |
|DownLeft		 |C 							 |Numpad 1				       |
|DownRight	     |D								 |Numpad 3					   |

## Dependencies
* Python
	* Requires pywinusb module `pip install pywinusb`
	* Requires pywin32 module `pip install pywin32`

* You might need [EMS USB2 drivers](http://www.hkems.com/product/ps2/ps2-usb2.htm)

## Known issues
The original purpose of this script might have been to use dance mats with StepMania, and even though the script works as intended most of the time, StepMania still won't pick up the keypresses generated from the script, for some reason. Most other software tested does work as intended.

## Credits
* [tb2097](https://github.com/tb2097): Original author
* [iluminacos](https://github.com/iluminacos): Collaborator
* [xaqui](https://github.com/xaqui): Collaborator

Commit message:

Removed legacy that created thread issues and served no other purpose Debug prints now can be chosen on execution using parameters (launch with -h for more info) Changed space based tabulation to proper tabulation Misc cleanup (Commenting legacy code, cleaned up the joy-1 situation, removed temaining "tmp=1")

README.md, after:

# About
This is a script that picks up and binds input from the EMS USB2 ps2 to usb adapter for Joypads/Dance mats. Originally made by [tb2097](https://github.com/tb2097), this is a continuation of the original work.
The script takes the usb input and hard-codes it to keyboard keys using the following scheme:
|                |Player 1                       |Player 2                       
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Start           |Enter            				 |\[   						   |
|Select          |Backspace         			 |\]       					   |
|Left            |Left Arrow					 |Numpad 4  				   |
|Up				 |Up Arrow						 |Numpad 8					   |
|Right			 |Right Arrow					 |Numpad 6	     			   |
|Down			 |Down Arrow					 |Numpad 2					   |
|UpLeft			 |A                              |Numpad 7					   |
|UpRight		 |B								 |Numpad 9					   |
|DownLeft		 |C 							 |Numpad 1				       |
|DownRight	     |D								 |Numpad 3					   |

## Dependencies
* Python
	* Requires pywinusb module `pip install pywinusb`
	* Requires pywin32 module `pip install pywin32`

* You might need [EMS USB2 drivers](http://www.hkems.com/product/ps2/ps2-usb2.htm)

## Known issues
Older software sometimes struggles picking inputs from both players, if at all. Unfortunately this has to be fixed on a per case basis, since we haven't found any recurring or common problems.
If the USB device is disconnected during execution the program has to be launched again to resume picking up inputs. 

## Credits
* [tb2097](https://github.com/tb2097): Original author
* [iluminacos](https://github.com/iluminacos): Collaborator
* [xaqui](https://github.com/xaqui): Collaborator
